Add publicTypes method to DeployedContract for introspection (#2242)
onflow/cadence: docs/language/accounts.mdx

  struct DeployedContract {
      let name: String
      let code: [UInt8]

>       // Returns an array of `Type` objects representing all the public struct and resource declarations in this contract

Reviewer: Is it specifically only structs and resources? It probably also returns enums? Maybe turn the kinds into an example list:
```suggestion
      // Returns an array of `Type` objects representing all the public declarations in this contract (e.g. structs, resources)
```

Maybe also update the docstring accordingly (examples are useful!)
